So block level functions.
Very similar idea to using a in concert.
Let's say I have a code block with a conditional statement like so I'll do if true.
And then I'll declare my function foo if I can write it correctly foo like so and all it's going to
do is cancel the log foo like so.
Now from iOS 3 on this was considered bad syntax but the irony of it is that even though it was considered
bad syntax almost all browsers supported this syntax right here.
However most browsers had kind of a different way of handling it depending on what the browser was so
it was generally considered bad syntax and a type of thing to avoid.
Now if I use use strict mode in something like yes 5 then I would actually get an error whenever I try
to do this and it would let me know that I'm not supposed to do this.
The interesting thing about this inside of 6 is if I go ahead and cancel that log.
Actually I don't have so I can just call foo.
So if I call foo in iOS 6 this is perfectly correct.
You can actually do this.
You can use a block level function and then the cool thing is once the execution flows outside of this
code block right here foo no longer exists.
If I try to do counseled log type of foo it's going to give me a big old fat undefined because we flowed
outside of this code block and so foo no longer exists.
Aside from that.
Another important thing to keep in mind with block level functions is they are hoisted to the top of
the block so similar to how they would behave inside of a global scope or inside of a function scope.
So if I do something like cancel the log type of foo like so it's going to tell me that it's a function
even though you see that I wrote it but lo my counsel log in that's because it's being hoisted to the
very top of this code block right here.
So two things with block level functions in six.
Use strict mode once you flow outside of this code block it no longer exist.
And also these function are hoisted to the top of this particular block level so.